# FortyEight
A robot-scouting web browser program for FIRST Robotics Competition teams created using a webpack-managed React.js framework.

FortyEight is intended to improve upon a prior scouting program 4855scout (https://github.com/FRCTeam4855/4855scout) by retaining its core features (no internet required, data passed from different devices via .json files) while improving various aspects and adding new features including graphs, enhanced UI, and the power of package integration and React.js to make development and updates easier than ever.

## Development
Install dependencies and begin a development server. The app will be accessible at `localhost:8080/`.
```
cd FortyEight
npm install
npm start
```

## Production
To export out standalone files that can run without a development server:
```
npm run build
```
The build will populate inside the `build` directory. Open the `index.html` file in your browser to launch.


## Features
- Yearly support for each new game
- Exclusively uses match data and insights generated by your team's scouts, no internet connection necessary to collaborate
- Match simulator: Simulate outcome for any scheduled match at your event from TBA, or generate predictions for any hypothetical match-up. Generates quick, actionable insights for your drivers to key in on before competing
- Playoff selection helper: Live tool to help alliances follow along with the draft and choose the best robots that fit their unique skillsets. Simulates thousands of matches in real-time based on the progression of the draft to determine which robots give your alliance the best shot at victory
- Ability to simulate the playoff draft and predict outcomes of a playoff bracket so teams can anticipate the final outcome of an event before qualifying matches are over


## Usage
Match data can be created using the Create tab on the left of the screen. Matches created can be viewed under the Teams tab, where teams can be analyzed based on their individual performance game-to-game.

Use the Manage tab to export .json files containing all the information you've collected, which can be distributed to your teammates. Import .json files created by fellow scouts to include in your own data sets in this menu as well.

Once scouts have collected enough data, the Analysis tab hosts the match simulator and playoff helper tools, which can be used to generate advanced insights about team performances.